The distance between the two of us
It's getting farther and farther away.
Yeah hum
You like Chen Pu very much
Although he is disabled
Even if he is disabled
In my heart, he is also a hundred times stronger than you
You said on the phone
It wasn't you who saved me back then
Who would that be?
Why are you afraid that I will poison you?
You and I have been married for three years
Hold hands at most
He won't even let me kiss his mouth
I didn't say anything.
If I want to poison you
Which day in the past three years has not worked?
You have a drink with me
I'll tell you who saved you
The result is absolutely unexpected
Now you can say
Certainly!
After Fengxi Courtyard ended that day
My mind is full of pictures of us before
I obviously saw Chen Mufan for the first time
But it looks familiar
To test my guess
I went to your hospital that day
You just saved it
That hospital just happened to change computers
The old computer was put in the warehouse.
And inside is the road of the day
The person who saved you
It's Chen Bufan